Best practices for local development (#203)
langium/langium: README.md

## How?

Langium is available as [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/langium).

> Please read the [Local Development Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md#local-development) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the [Local Development Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md#local-development-guide) to get started.
```

Author: I will change with next commit.

> Please read the [Local Development Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md#local-development-guide) to get started.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't direct all users to that guide, only those who want to go deeper with the internals of Langium.
```suggestion

Please read the [Contribution Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) if you want to contribute to Langium.
```
